Let us look at return by reference so already I have some sample piece of code available, small function.
Just look at this one.
See I have a main function and one variable X having value 10 and I'm calling function fun by passing
x.
So this function is taking a integer variable.
So the value of x will be copied in this one.
So this is X having value 10
So this X is copied here.
So this is a.
And in this value 10 will be copied and print a so 10 will appear on the screen.
The line will print A on the screen and return A.
So that return value.
I'm not taking it any where.
Okay.
It's not necessary that you take the return value of every function.
This is call by the value.
Okay.
I've not yet come to this one just I'm showing you the code first.
First I am showing you the working of this one.
Then we will make it as return by reference.
Let us see, now  you might have seen this one that I can write y assign some function calls so we know
one thing that when the function return something that return  value we can take it in some variable.
Yes return result we can take it in some variable so function always comes on the right time side of assignment.
We don't write them on the left hand side and we know this on the left hand side, we take some variable
so that it takes that return result.
But now i will make changes in this one and see what happens, now from here I'm sending x, but this A is not a separate
variable it's a reference to this X.
So now what happens is there is no separate A but this itself is a.
This itself is A.
So this is called by reference.
Okay, upto here it's okay.
Then cout A what it will display, A is what, X only so it will display 10 then return A.
write.
&
it returns not the value of A, What is A.
It is x only ten, it will not return ten it will return the reference, reference of what same X so when it returns
here this function becomes nothing but X only this becomes x.
So this is nothing but X Now.
We have sent it X to this one it has a use that is printed something and return.
So what is A reference to x.
So it is returning X only.
So this whole thing become X only.
So I can write here assign twenty five.
So what happens here.
This will become twenty five.
So now you can see here amazing thing here that our function is written on the left hand side.
And our function is acting as a reference of this variable x.
This whole thing become X now after this line.
If I see cout X what value will be printed.
Twenty five.
So this is one of the amazing feature of C++ that on the left hand side of assignment that is L value.
You can make the function as L value.
Mostly we make the function as R values but you can make it as L value also with the help of written by reference
by reference.
And this is useful at some places we will look at them whenever we come across this, we will discuss more
about them, when ever we are using them.
Try this program by yourself and check.
And even I will show you.